Now the next parameters are quality level and K. Look
those up in the documentation of the Shi-Tomasi detector.
Also, we have a flag which is called useHarris.
Now, in the lesson,
you should have learned that the actual colonist measure used with
the good features to track method is very similar to the Harris colonists measure.
You can actually use the Harris economists
measure in the good features to track implementation.
If you want to do this, and gives this a try,
simply that this variable to true here
and the internal mechanism of good features to track,
we'll use the original Harris corners measure.
Now, what I'm doing here is in line 166.
I'm measuring how long it takes to execute the good features to track function.
I am looking at the computer watch here or I'm writing down the ticks
into the variable T.
Now what I'm doing here is I'm storing the currents tick number into the variable T,
and at the end once the processing is complete,
I am again writing the current tick number into
the variable T minus its previous value before we executed the function.
Then I'm dividing this by the tick frequency.
So what it gives me is the amount of time it took
the system to execute the good features to track function in milliseconds.
Which is then output here in line 169.
Now what I'm doing then is then I am using
an iterator to loop over all the corners the function has provided me with.
I'm adding those corners to the result vector which is then getting pushed
back to the system later in
the code when we look at the midterm project and the final project.
What we need is a vector of key points and those key points have to be
extracted from the data structure which is
used by the Shi-Tomasi original implementation.
This is basically done here.
Looping over all corners.
Then I am taking the corners by using the iterator here,
and I'm assigning this corner to the new key point
and I'm also assigning the size of the neighborhood around the key points.
So when we draw the key point onto the image,
a circle can denote or can give you the size of the key point and individualization.
It's much easier to see how large the actual key point area around a key point is.
So this is reflected here my block size,
and then we push back the new key point into the vector.
The code here, should already seem familiar.
It's simply taking, cloning the image,
preparing the visualization image,
drawing all the key points with a variety
of input parameters which you want to look up eventually,
draw which key points,
draws the key point including its neighborhood in terms of an ellipse
or a circle which would reflects the size and shape of the respective key point.
Then we simply show the image.
Now, what I forgot to add here is a weight key.
So in order for the image to stay open,
I have to add this line here and I see the weight key is zero,
and if you execute the code now,
the image will stay open.
So let's compile a code.
Let's run the code.
Now as you can see here,
the entire images clustered with Shi-Tomasi key points.
If you focus only on the preceding vehicle,
what you can see is that there are key points and
the license plate spread over the tail lights.
So the VW logo is encircled by a blue circle.
We have key points on the real window all over the tail gait.
So basically, it's a lot of key points which we can use to track
them through the image sequence which is what we will be focusing on in the next lesson.
But for now, we want to only focus on the key points.
We also want to look at accuracy and processing speed.
Now one major drawback of Harris and Shi-Tomasi is a limited speed.
It is really expensive to compute the gradient image and this prevents
the use of both methods in real-time applications are many mobile devices.
But there is another method which is called Features from
Accelerated Segment Test or FAST for short.
This detected it dates back to 2006,
and it finds key points using machine learning and works only on the intensity image.
It is therefore, much faster than the classical methods based on gradients.
Now your job is to add the fast detector to the following code,
and compare it to Shi-Tomasi with regard to.
A. The number of key points, B.
The distribution of key points over the image and C the processing speed.
Please describe your observations with
a special focus on the preceding vehicle in the test image.
Have fun and see you in the next section.